I'm gonna go with my god oh hi um I'd
like a large oh I mean Paul no no wait
then Tay Sumatra decaf mocha a little
toffee not on the top nope we're a
precisely 170 degrees yeah girl v yeah
Wow one pound such a small cup at all
old school americano with a ton of
almond syrup room for eight sugars in
the cup and one of those reduced-calorie
organic blueberry nut bars what will
have to run a scan our berries and cream
with extra whipped cream and think of
the cinnamon love to sprinkle with
aluminum ooh okay the macho Grande
kamasutra won't you give me at all
upside down triple nonfat extra foam a
caramel macchiato vent I Ecuadorian
kon-tiki could I get a tiny passed by
text care man look coffee large Oh cup
et of black 80 coffee pronto got it
hey what's up oh oh no ok ok yeah yeah I
can be there ok ok fine ok ok hi that's
why I came today I've gotta go I have to
show the mandible property oh man you're
gonna leave me here all by myself you
know how i feel about this play I know I
did it again I do they don't even have
those paint punch card thing how oh my
god Tim Tim starbuster yeah starbucks
guy ok what are you do today what I'd
like to do
I'm so sorry I've gotta go oh sorry
fancy triple nonfat extra foam latte for
Rick here you go Jason and your coffees
coming right up thanks and have a great
day oh oh that's uh two shots of almond
Thanks hi meeting you here or not you
work here Oh dupid really it's not you
just me no I I don't work here I mean
I'm working here today um but I'm just
helping out my friend only if the
partners actually oh wow that's cool
thought it was corporate-owned know wow
you look great Oh top really thanks to
yoga warrior two works better when you
stretch first um so how have you been
doing or you know how would you like
your coffee oh yeah okay I'll just saw
I'll just have a larger vent a pumpkin
spice box that sounds weird doesn't it
Fenty what do you mean what I mean it
goes from english to italian but if it's
gonna go at a line they should just go
all the way with it and call it Starbuck
Giuseppe's or Mario's you know like hey
it's a me mario yeah all like super
mario brothers oh man do I remember that
dead dead dead dead okay that was fun um
that's um bored 90 yeah sure sure
you go Thanks um well uh uh um Chrissy
get that for you ok name got a name
Sarah Sarah yes Sarah brain fart hey
nice Annja it was it was really good to
see you Sarah in a grounded cops at all
soy a hundred and eighty degrees chai
latte uh Jerry could you get this
woman's orders please wait go ahead Dara
then he pumpkins by five I got it my god